docs: update README.md (#14)
rudderlabs/analytics-go: Readme.md

)

func main() {
    // Instantiates a client to use send messages to the RudderStack API.
    
    // User your write key in the below placeholder:
    
    client, _ := analytics.NewWithConfig(WRITE_KEY,
		analytics.Config{
			DataPlaneUrl: DATA_PLANE_URL,
			Interval:     30 * time.Second,
			BatchSize:    100,
			Verbose:      true,

> 			Gzip:         1,

Author: ```suggestion
			Gzip:         1,  // Disables Gzip compression - set to 0 to enable Gzip.
```

		})

    // Enqueues a track event that will be sent asynchronously.
    
    client.Enqueue(analytics.Track{
        UserId: "test-user",
        Event:  "test-snippet",
    })

    // Flushes any queued messages and closes the client.
    
    client.Close()
}
```

## Gzip support

> The Go SDK supports Gzip compression from version 4.0.0 and it is set to true by default. However, you can manually enable or disable this feature by setting the `Gzip` parameter to `1` or `0` while initializing the SDK, as shown:

Author: ```suggestion
The Go SDK supports Gzip compression from version 4.0.0 and it is enabled (set to `0`) by default. However, you can disable this feature by setting the `Gzip` parameter to `1` while initializing the SDK, as shown:
```

> The Go SDK supports Gzip compression from version 4.0.0 and it is set to true by default. However, you can manually enable or disable this feature by setting the `Gzip` parameter to `1` or `0` while initializing the SDK, as shown:

Author: ```suggestion
The Go SDK supports Gzip compression from version 4.0.0 and it is enabled (set to `0`) by default. However, you can disable this feature by setting the `Gzip` parameter to `1` while initializing the SDK, as shown:
```

```go
client, _ := analytics.NewWithConfig(WRITE_KEY,
		analytics.Config{
			DataPlaneUrl: DATA_PLANE_URL,
			Interval:     30 * time.Second,
			BatchSize:    100,
			Verbose:      true,

> 			Gzip:         1  // Set to 0 to disable Gzip compression

Author: ```suggestion
			Gzip:         1  // Set to 0 to enable Gzip compression
```

)

func main() {
    // Instantiates a client to use send messages to the RudderStack API.
    
    // User your write key in the below placeholder:
    
    client, _ := analytics.NewWithConfig(WRITE_KEY,
		analytics.Config{
			DataPlaneUrl: DATA_PLANE_URL,
			Interval:     30 * time.Second,
			BatchSize:    100,
			Verbose:      true,
			Gzip:         1,
		})

    // Enqueues a track event that will be sent asynchronously.
    
    client.Enqueue(analytics.Track{
        UserId: "test-user",
        Event:  "test-snippet",
    })

    // Flushes any queued messages and closes the client.
    
    client.Close()
}
```

## Gzip support

> The Go SDK supports Gzip compression from version 4.0.0 and it is set to true by default. However, you can manually enable or disable this feature by setting the `Gzip` parameter to `1` or `0` while initializing the SDK, as shown:

Author: In the [spec](https://www.notion.so/rudderstacks/Update-Go-SDK-readme-5269984801a345b7849526bc367c53cc), we say the following:
"Gzip is set to true by default" and in the snippet, we have `Gzip: 1`.

However, we say "set 1 to disable and 0 to enable", which is contradictory. Could you please confirm the values, @pallabmaiti

Reviewer: Spec updated.
